“We're very happy with him and it is not easy coming in a team you don't know and there was less preparation. Of course, he's experienced. He's got a very good base, but then still has to know our rules.

We didnt have the time to teach them [the summer deadline-day signings], to coach them in training or in the preparation time in like a pre-season. But he had to go straight in and hes done well.

Ten Hag praising Reguilon for playing despite his illness felt like a deliberate message to certain members of the dressing room because there's no excuse not to match those standards if a loanee can show that level of commitment.

It also felt like a possible message to Jadon Sancho, who has been banished from the first team due to his refusal to apologise after writing a statement on social media that said 'not to believe' what his manager had said.

If Reguilon can play when unwell, why can't Sancho swallow his pride and look to fight for his place in the team again? Ten Hag is attempting to reshape the culture at Carrington and he only wants fully committed players.

It didn't take long for those quotes on Reguilon to sweep across social media and some joked he should be signed on a permanent deal as soon as possible, with it already seeming like he would be a back-up upgrade on Malacia.

Malacia made a promising start to life at United after joining from Feyenoord last season, but he was hooked at half-time in consecutive games in October and Shaw never looked back after regaining his starting role.

Shaw was exceptional throughout the campaign and it eventually became unthinkable that Malacia had started over him. The Dutch defender remains the unfinished article and he was exposed against better opposition last season.

The 24-year-old was absent on the pre-season tour of the USA due to an unspecified injury and that problem has caused a lengthy period on the sidelines, which made signing a new left-back in the summer a priority.

There were talks to sign Marc Cucurella from Chelsea, but a late deal to bring Reguilon on a season-long loan from Tottenham was agreed and he's been a bright spark in an otherwise disappointing few weeks at Old Trafford.
